chore: update mapi reference (#627)
knocklabs/docs: content/mapi.mdx

    type="string"
    description="A name for the workflow. Must be at maximum 255 characters in length."
  />
  <Attribute
    name="sha"
    type="string (read-only)"

>     description="The SHA hash of the workflow's most-recent commit."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    description="The SHA hash of the workflow data."
```
It does not necessarily have to be a committed change/data.

Author: Thanks! Is it more accurate to say the workflow version, then?

    description="A list of workflow step objects in the workflow, which may contain any of: channel step, delay step, batch step, fetch step."
  />
  <Attribute
    name="trigger_data_json_schema"
    type="object (optional)"
    typeSlug="/developer-tools/validating-trigger-data#example-schema"
    description="A JSON schema for the expected structure of the workflow trigger's data payload. Used to validate trigger requests."
  />
  <Attribute
    name="trigger_frequency"
    type="string"
    typeSlug="/send-notifications/triggering-workflows#controlling-workflow-trigger-frequency"

>     description="The frequency at which the workflow should be triggered. One of: ”once_per_recipient”, ”every_trigger”. Defaults to ”every_trigger”."

Reviewer: There is a third option `once_per_recipient_per_tenant` I believe - but should confirm with @natperpepaj @meryldakin.

Reviewer 2: yea that's correct. once_per_recipient_per_tenant means that the workflow will trigger once for every unique user <> tenant pairing

Author: Ok got it, ty! Will update before merging

Reviewer 2: ty!
